= Devise Authy

This is a devise[https://github.com/plataformatec/devise] extension to allow your app to utilise Authy[http://authy.com] for two-factor authentication

== Pre-requisites

Authy API Key: https://www.authy.com/signup

== Getting started

Add the gem to your Gemfile:

* gem 'devise'
* gem 'devise_authy', '0.0.1'

Run "Bundle install"

Install devise in case you haven't it, you need to do the following (but refer to https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for more information)

* rails g devise:install
* rails g devise MODEL

Installation of Devise Authy:
* rails g devise_authy:install

--haml: Generate the views in Haml
--sass: Generate the stylesheets in Sass

Configuring Models:

Configure your Devise user models, run:
* rails g devise_authy MODEL

or

add :authy_authenticatable

Example
* devise :authy_authenticatable, :database_authenticatable

Don't forget to migrate:

* rake db:migrate

== Custom Views

If you want to customise your views, you can modify the files that are located at:
* app/views/devise/devise_authy/register.html.erb
* app/views/devise/devise_authy/show.html.erb

== I18n

The install generator also copy a Devise Authy i18n file. This can be modified and is  located at:
config/locales/devise.authy.en.yml

== Contributing to devise_google_authenticator

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Johanna Mantilla Duque. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.